What is computation?
Computation is when the computer takes some input which is data (lots of code) and produces some output.

What do we mean by inputs and outputs to a computation? Give some examples.
Input coming from a keyboard, mouse or a touch screen. From apps, or other files as well.

What are the three requirements a programmer should keep in mind when expressing computations?
Correctly, simply, efficiency.

What does an expression do?
An expression computes value from a number of operands. The simplest expression is simply a literal value, such as 10, 'a', 3.14, or "Norah".

What is the difference between a statement and an expression, as described
in this chapter?
A statement is used to produce several values. Another way of putting it is when you want do do something many times. A expression is a kind of statement that computes a value from a set of operands using operators. Essentially a expression is followed by a semicolon.

What is an lvalue? List the operators that require an lvalue. Why do
these operators, and not the others, require an lvalue?
lvalue is the locator of the object in memory. some of the operators are the mathmatical ones like additon and multiplying. Other ones dont work because they are not have a memory locatoin because thya arte literal constants.

What is a constant expression?
Constant expression is an expression that has constants whose values do not change and are executed at the
compilation time.

What is a literal?
Literals are data used for representing fixed values. They can be used directly in the code. For example
1, 2.5, 'c', "hello" etc.

What is a symbolic constant and why do we use them?
Symbolic constants can't be changed once they have been initilized. They are useful for keeping the code readable.

What is a magic constant? Give examples.
Magic constant are literals non obvious. They are for constants that are not as obvious.
Such as initlizing the value of a object to a object and adding it to a int literal. This would make it non obvious because a literal is involved instead of another int object.

What are some operators that we can use for integers and floating-point values?
You can use whole numbers such as 1, 2, 3, or 4

What operators can be used on integers but not on floating-point numbers?
Module can be used on int but not on floating ones.

What are some operators that can be used for strings?
You can use not equal operators, logical or, compound assignment, and function call.

When would a programmer prefer a switch-statement to an if-statement?
When their are multiple constants involved, switch-statements would make for a better choice.

What are some common problems with switch-statements?
Some common problems with switch-statements are forgetting to terminate a case with a break.

What is the function of each part of the header line in a for-loop, and in what sequence are they executed?
First you have the loop variable. Then the test followed by the incrementor/decrementor. They are executed in this order.

When should the for-loop be used and when should the while-loop be used?
For loops are a lot more structured resulting in more readable code. While loop on the other hand is the opposite and should be used when a strctured for loop doesn't make sense.

How do you print the numeric value of a char?
By using the char function and pass the letter in the parameter.

Describe what the line char foo(int x) means in a function definition.
